SUBJECT_ID	BIOSPECIMEN_ID	ARRAY_DESIGN	RDA_FILE	RDA_DESCRIPTION
a154	a154	CIN INDEX CHROMOSOME	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CHROMOSOMES.Rda	Chromosome-level Chromosomal Instability Index
a155	a155	CIN INDEX CHROMOSOME	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CHROMOSOMES.Rda	Chromosome-level Chromosomal Instability Index
a1717	a1717	CIN INDEX CHROMOSOME	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CHROMOSOMES.Rda	Chromosome-level Chromosomal Instability Index
a196	a196	CIN INDEX CHROMOSOME	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CHROMOSOMES.Rda	Chromosome-level Chromosomal Instability Index
a208	a208	CIN INDEX CHROMOSOME	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CHROMOSOMES.Rda	Chromosome-level Chromosomal Instability Index
a2184	a2184	CIN INDEX CHROMOSOME	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CHROMOSOMES.Rda	Chromosome-level Chromosomal Instability Index
a226	a226	CIN INDEX CHROMOSOME	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CHROMOSOMES.Rda	Chromosome-level Chromosomal Instability Index
a251	a251	CIN INDEX CHROMOSOME	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CHROMOSOMES.Rda	Chromosome-level Chromosomal Instability Index
a278	a278	CIN INDEX CHROMOSOME	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CHROMOSOMES.Rda	Chromosome-level Chromosomal Instability Index
a290	a290	CIN INDEX CHROMOSOME	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CHROMOSOMES.Rda	Chromosome-level Chromosomal Instability Index
a522	a522	CIN INDEX CHROMOSOME	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CHROMOSOMES.Rda	Chromosome-level Chromosomal Instability Index
a540	a540	CIN INDEX CHROMOSOME	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CHROMOSOMES.Rda	Chromosome-level Chromosomal Instability Index
a548	a548	CIN INDEX CHROMOSOME	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CHROMOSOMES.Rda	Chromosome-level Chromosomal Instability Index
a557	a557	CIN INDEX CHROMOSOME	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CHROMOSOMES.Rda	Chromosome-level Chromosomal Instability Index
a579	a579	CIN INDEX CHROMOSOME	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CHROMOSOMES.Rda	Chromosome-level Chromosomal Instability Index
a584	a584	CIN INDEX CHROMOSOME	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CHROMOSOMES.Rda	Chromosome-level Chromosomal Instability Index
a591	a591	CIN INDEX CHROMOSOME	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CHROMOSOMES.Rda	Chromosome-level Chromosomal Instability Index
a611	a611	CIN INDEX CHROMOSOME	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CHROMOSOMES.Rda	Chromosome-level Chromosomal Instability Index
a628	a628	CIN INDEX CHROMOSOME	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CHROMOSOMES.Rda	Chromosome-level Chromosomal Instability Index
a632	a632	CIN INDEX CHROMOSOME	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CHROMOSOMES.Rda	Chromosome-level Chromosomal Instability Index
a651	a651	CIN INDEX CHROMOSOME	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CHROMOSOMES.Rda	Chromosome-level Chromosomal Instability Index
a665	a665	CIN INDEX CHROMOSOME	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CHROMOSOMES.Rda	Chromosome-level Chromosomal Instability Index
a671	a671	CIN INDEX CHROMOSOME	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CHROMOSOMES.Rda	Chromosome-level Chromosomal Instability Index
a734	a734	CIN INDEX CHROMOSOME	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CHROMOSOMES.Rda	Chromosome-level Chromosomal Instability Index
a748	a748	CIN INDEX CHROMOSOME	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CHROMOSOMES.Rda	Chromosome-level Chromosomal Instability Index
b1244	b1244	CIN INDEX CHROMOSOME	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CHROMOSOMES.Rda	Chromosome-level Chromosomal Instability Index
b155	b155	CIN INDEX CHROMOSOME	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CHROMOSOMES.Rda	Chromosome-level Chromosomal Instability Index
b189	b189	CIN INDEX CHROMOSOME	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CHROMOSOMES.Rda	Chromosome-level Chromosomal Instability Index
b20	b20	CIN INDEX CHROMOSOME	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CHROMOSOMES.Rda	Chromosome-level Chromosomal Instability Index
b264	b264	CIN INDEX CHROMOSOME	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CHROMOSOMES.Rda	Chromosome-level Chromosomal Instability Index
b296	b296	CIN INDEX CHROMOSOME	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CHROMOSOMES.Rda	Chromosome-level Chromosomal Instability Index
b309	b309	CIN INDEX CHROMOSOME	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CHROMOSOMES.Rda	Chromosome-level Chromosomal Instability Index
b312	b312	CIN INDEX CHROMOSOME	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CHROMOSOMES.Rda	Chromosome-level Chromosomal Instability Index
b349	b349	CIN INDEX CHROMOSOME	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CHROMOSOMES.Rda	Chromosome-level Chromosomal Instability Index
b35	b35	CIN INDEX CHROMOSOME	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CHROMOSOMES.Rda	Chromosome-level Chromosomal Instability Index
b396	b396	CIN INDEX CHROMOSOME	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CHROMOSOMES.Rda	Chromosome-level Chromosomal Instability Index
b645	b645	CIN INDEX CHROMOSOME	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CHROMOSOMES.Rda	Chromosome-level Chromosomal Instability Index
b777	b777	CIN INDEX CHROMOSOME	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CHROMOSOMES.Rda	Chromosome-level Chromosomal Instability Index
b972	b972	CIN INDEX CHROMOSOME	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CHROMOSOMES.Rda	Chromosome-level Chromosomal Instability Index
r43	r43	CIN INDEX CHROMOSOME	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CHROMOSOMES.Rda	Chromosome-level Chromosomal Instability Index
a154	a154	CIN INDEX CYTOBAND	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CYTOBANDS.Rda	Cytobands-level Chromosomal Instability Index
a155	a155	CIN INDEX CYTOBAND	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CYTOBANDS.Rda	Cytobands-level Chromosomal Instability Index
a1717	a1717	CIN INDEX CYTOBAND	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CYTOBANDS.Rda	Cytobands-level Chromosomal Instability Index
a196	a196	CIN INDEX CYTOBAND	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CYTOBANDS.Rda	Cytobands-level Chromosomal Instability Index
a208	a208	CIN INDEX CYTOBAND	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CYTOBANDS.Rda	Cytobands-level Chromosomal Instability Index
a2184	a2184	CIN INDEX CYTOBAND	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CYTOBANDS.Rda	Cytobands-level Chromosomal Instability Index
a226	a226	CIN INDEX CYTOBAND	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CYTOBANDS.Rda	Cytobands-level Chromosomal Instability Index
a251	a251	CIN INDEX CYTOBAND	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CYTOBANDS.Rda	Cytobands-level Chromosomal Instability Index
a278	a278	CIN INDEX CYTOBAND	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CYTOBANDS.Rda	Cytobands-level Chromosomal Instability Index
a290	a290	CIN INDEX CYTOBAND	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CYTOBANDS.Rda	Cytobands-level Chromosomal Instability Index
a522	a522	CIN INDEX CYTOBAND	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CYTOBANDS.Rda	Cytobands-level Chromosomal Instability Index
a540	a540	CIN INDEX CYTOBAND	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CYTOBANDS.Rda	Cytobands-level Chromosomal Instability Index
a548	a548	CIN INDEX CYTOBAND	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CYTOBANDS.Rda	Cytobands-level Chromosomal Instability Index
a557	a557	CIN INDEX CYTOBAND	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CYTOBANDS.Rda	Cytobands-level Chromosomal Instability Index
a579	a579	CIN INDEX CYTOBAND	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CYTOBANDS.Rda	Cytobands-level Chromosomal Instability Index
a584	a584	CIN INDEX CYTOBAND	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CYTOBANDS.Rda	Cytobands-level Chromosomal Instability Index
a591	a591	CIN INDEX CYTOBAND	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CYTOBANDS.Rda	Cytobands-level Chromosomal Instability Index
a611	a611	CIN INDEX CYTOBAND	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CYTOBANDS.Rda	Cytobands-level Chromosomal Instability Index
a628	a628	CIN INDEX CYTOBAND	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CYTOBANDS.Rda	Cytobands-level Chromosomal Instability Index
a632	a632	CIN INDEX CYTOBAND	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CYTOBANDS.Rda	Cytobands-level Chromosomal Instability Index
a651	a651	CIN INDEX CYTOBAND	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CYTOBANDS.Rda	Cytobands-level Chromosomal Instability Index
a665	a665	CIN INDEX CYTOBAND	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CYTOBANDS.Rda	Cytobands-level Chromosomal Instability Index
a671	a671	CIN INDEX CYTOBAND	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CYTOBANDS.Rda	Cytobands-level Chromosomal Instability Index
a734	a734	CIN INDEX CYTOBAND	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CYTOBANDS.Rda	Cytobands-level Chromosomal Instability Index
a748	a748	CIN INDEX CYTOBAND	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CYTOBANDS.Rda	Cytobands-level Chromosomal Instability Index
b1244	b1244	CIN INDEX CYTOBAND	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CYTOBANDS.Rda	Cytobands-level Chromosomal Instability Index
b155	b155	CIN INDEX CYTOBAND	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CYTOBANDS.Rda	Cytobands-level Chromosomal Instability Index
b189	b189	CIN INDEX CYTOBAND	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CYTOBANDS.Rda	Cytobands-level Chromosomal Instability Index
b20	b20	CIN INDEX CYTOBAND	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CYTOBANDS.Rda	Cytobands-level Chromosomal Instability Index
b264	b264	CIN INDEX CYTOBAND	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CYTOBANDS.Rda	Cytobands-level Chromosomal Instability Index
b296	b296	CIN INDEX CYTOBAND	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CYTOBANDS.Rda	Cytobands-level Chromosomal Instability Index
b309	b309	CIN INDEX CYTOBAND	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CYTOBANDS.Rda	Cytobands-level Chromosomal Instability Index
b312	b312	CIN INDEX CYTOBAND	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CYTOBANDS.Rda	Cytobands-level Chromosomal Instability Index
b349	b349	CIN INDEX CYTOBAND	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CYTOBANDS.Rda	Cytobands-level Chromosomal Instability Index
b35	b35	CIN INDEX CYTOBAND	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CYTOBANDS.Rda	Cytobands-level Chromosomal Instability Index
b396	b396	CIN INDEX CYTOBAND	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CYTOBANDS.Rda	Cytobands-level Chromosomal Instability Index
b645	b645	CIN INDEX CYTOBAND	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CYTOBANDS.Rda	Cytobands-level Chromosomal Instability Index
b777	b777	CIN INDEX CYTOBAND	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CYTOBANDS.Rda	Cytobands-level Chromosomal Instability Index
b972	b972	CIN INDEX CYTOBAND	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CYTOBANDS.Rda	Cytobands-level Chromosomal Instability Index
r43	r43	CIN INDEX CYTOBAND	CRC_PILOT_CIN_CYTOBANDS.Rda	Cytobands-level Chromosomal Instability Index
